Senior sister
This is the queen power left by the master before the accident
He asked me to invite you out of the mountain
Take over as the queen of Senluo Hall
Defend the country
Block the reclining silkworm
Do you have this queen's order?
Hey, I haven't thought today was so happy, haha.
Since Sun Jihai took over as Governor of Red Dust
What have you been doing to sweep gangs and eliminate evil?
It's very tight
Our Wang family has closed many gray industries
So is our Zhang family?
Have some fun and be sneaky
So fucking aggrieved
Hahaha four sons
There is a policy
There are countermeasures
Isn't this your chance?
Please also invite the four young masters to take a look
What is this opportunity to make a lot of money?
Inaccessible Multiplayer
This is what you said about making a lot of money, right?
Taijun Guida is now in Nanjing
Mixed with wind and water
Business is getting bigger and bigger
Even General Ye has no grudge against him
So I ran to Red City to support
As long as we can connect with Taijun Guida
should cooperate inside and outside
work together
The future is limitless
Sun Jihai is your uncle
How dare you collude with pollution under his nose
I didn't see that you are very brave
Wealth and wealth
No poison no husband
Four sons
As long as you sign this contract
I promise.
The future of the world is yours and mine